Duo Split
Copyright (c) 2022 Mathieu Provencher

*** END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT ***

IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THIS LICENSE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SOFTWARE.

1. LICENSE

By receiving, opening the file package, and/or using Duo Split containing this software, you agree that this End User User License Agreement(EULA) is a legally binding and valid contract and agree to be bound by it. You agree to abide by the intellectual property laws and all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Unless you have a different license agreement signed by Mathieu Provencher your use of Duo Split indicates your acceptance of this license agreement and warranty.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Mathieu Provencher grants to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license, without right to sub-license, to use Duo Split in accordance with this Agreement and any other written agreement with Mathieu Provencher. Mathieu Provencher does not transfer the title of Duo Split to you; the license granted to you is not a sale. This agreement is a binding legal agreement between Mathieu Provencher and the purchasers or users of Duo Split.

If you do not agree to be bound by this agreement, remove Duo Split from your phone now and, if applicable, promptly return to Mathieu Provencher by mail any copies of Duo Split and related documentation and packaging in your possession.

2. DISTRIBUTION

Duo Split and the license herein granted shall not be copied, shared, distributed, re-sold, offered for re-sale, transferred or sub-licensed in whole or in part except that you may make one copy for archive purposes only. For information about redistribution of Duo Split contact Mathieu Provencher.

3. USER AGREEMENT

3.1 Use

Your license to use Duo Split is limited to the number of licenses purchased by you. You shall not allow others to use, copy or evaluate copies of Duo Split.

3.2 Use Restrictions

You shall use Duo Split in compliance with all applicable laws and not for any unlawful purpose. Without limiting the foregoing, use, display or distribution of Duo Split together with material that is pornographic, racist, vulgar, obscene, defamatory, libelous, abusive, promoting hatred, discriminating or displaying prejudice based on religion, ethnic heritage, race, sexual orientation or age is strictly prohibited.

Each licensed copy of Duo Split may be used on one single phone location by one user. Use of Duo Split means that you have loaded, installed, or run Duo Split on a phone or similar device. If you install Duo Split onto a multi-user platform, server or network, each and every individual user of Duo Split must be licensed separately.

You may make one copy of Duo Split for backup purposes, providing you only have one copy installed on one phone being used by one person. Other users may not use your copy of Duo Split . The assignment, sublicense, networking, sale, or distribution of copies of Duo Split are strictly forbidden without the prior written consent of Mathieu Provencher. It is a violation of this agreement to assign, sell, share, loan, rent, lease, borrow, network or transfer the use of Duo Split. If any person other than yourself uses Duo Split registered in your name, regardless of whether it is at the same time or different times, then this agreement is being violated and you are responsible for that violation!

3.3 Copyright Restriction

This Software contains copyrighted material, trade secrets and other proprietary material. You shall not, and shall not attempt to, modify, reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile Duo Split. Nor can you create any derivative works or other works that are based upon or derived from Duo Split in whole or in part.

Mathieu Provencher\'s name, logo and graphics file that represents Duo Split shall not be used in any way to promote products developed with Duo Split . Mathieu Provencher retains sole and exclusive ownership of all right, title and interest in and to Duo Split and all Intellectual Property rights relating thereto.

Copyright law and international copyright treaty provisions protect all parts of Duo Split, products and services. No program, code, part, image, audio sample, or text may be copied or used in any way by the user except as intended within the bounds of the single user program. All rights not expressly granted hereunder are reserved for Mathieu Provencher.

3.4 Limitation of Responsibility

You will indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Mathieu Provencher , its employees, agents and distributors against any and all claims, proceedings, demand and costs resulting from or in any way connected with your use of Mathieu Provencher\'s Software.

In no event (including, without limitation, in the event of negligence) will Mathieu Provencher , its employees, agents or distributors be liable for any consequential, incidental, indirect, special or punitive damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, loss of use, business interruption, loss of information or data, or pecuniary loss), in connection with or arising out of or related to this Agreement, Duo Split or the use or inability to use Duo Split or the furnishing, performance or use of any other matters hereunder whether based upon contract, tort or any other theory including negligence.

Mathieu Provencher\'s entire liability, without exception, is limited to the customers\' reimbursement of the purchase price of the Software (maximum being the lesser of the amount paid by you and the suggested retail price as listed by Mathieu Provencher ) in exchange for the return of the product, all copies, registration papers and manuals, and all materials that constitute a transfer of license from the customer back to Mathieu Provencher.

3.5 Warranties

Except as expressly stated in writing, Mathieu Provencher makes no representation or warranties in respect of this Software and expressly excludes all other warranties, expressed or implied, oral or written, including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantable quality or fitness for a particular purpose.

3.6 Governing Law

This Agreement shall be governed by the law of the Canada applicable therein. You hereby irrevocably attorn and submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Canada therefrom. If any provision shall be considered unlawful, void or otherwise unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this License and not affect the validity and enforceability of any other provisions.

3.7 Termination

Any failure to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement will result in automatic and immediate termination of this license. Upon termination of this license granted herein for any reason, you agree to immediately cease use of Duo Split and destroy all copies of Duo Split supplied under this Agreement. The financial obligations incurred by you shall survive the expiration or termination of this license.

4. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

THIS SOFTWARE AND THE ACCOMPANYING FILES ARE SOLD "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES AS TO PERFORMANCE OR MERCHANTABILITY OR ANY OTHER WARRANTIES WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. THIS DISCLAIMER CONCERNS ALL FILES GENERATED AND EDITED BY Duo Split AS WELL.

5. CONSENT OF USE OF DATA

You agree that Mathieu Provencher may collect and use information gathered in any manner as part of the product support services provided to you, if any, related to Duo Split.Mathieu Provencher may also use this information to provide notices to you which may be of use or interest to you.
